MUSK AT MAR-A-LAGO: 'This Won’t Be Business As Usual — This is Going to Be a Revolution [WATCH]
Me at 20:
- Wants to change the world
- Wants a $1B business

Me at 25:
- Wants to change my world
- Wants a $1M business

Me at 30:
- Wants to be healthy
- Wants to be happy
If you're in business, you MUST understand Financial Statements.

Use this cheat sheet to master the fundamentals.
The Nugent Family stands proudly with true Americans, enjoying the outstanding coffee from @minutemencoffeecompany ! Support the superior quality of veteran-owned businesses and celebrate America! 
Ola Aina said come again and he stood on business.
Shelley Luther, the former Dallas salon owner who was jailed during COVID-19 for refusing to close her business, just won a seat in the Texas State House.
Businesses cannot afford the crippling rise in National Insurance Keir Starmer is imposing on them.

It means more small businesses shutting down, low growth, and fewer jobs.

Our economy can’t afford Labour.
President Biden and I are investing in small business owners and entrepreneurs across our nation so that they have the opportunity to thrive.
NEW: Senators Jean Shaheen and Jack Reed have sent a letter to the Pentagon demanding they investigate Elon Musk’s business contracts with Russia due to his new role in the federal government.

RETWEET to thank these Senators for standing up for our democracy!
Having 80 kg nikitoshana hivi is some nusty business 
Suspect wants to be a content creator but don’t like people in her business 
Solopreneurs don't ask, “how can I make more money?” 

They ask, “what kind of life do I want to lead?” 

And then they build businesses that get them there.
JUST IN:  $XRP REACHES $0.90 ON FOX BUSINESS WITH RIPPLE CEO!! 
@bgarlinghouse
Business is like a ferris wheel.

In the beginning, you’ll push it, and it’ll barely be able to move.

But if you continue to keep pushing and pushing and pushing,

Eventually, all you’ll have to do is tap it as it goes around.
Bitcoin is the global alarm system.

The asset is up 40%+ in the last 3 months while politicians have added $850 billion to the national debt.

It is now a race to the sky between the debt and bitcoin’s price.

I explain to 
@TeamCavuto
 today on Fox Business.
In Turin and Milan, we visited with Italian companies like Pininfarina and Mapei to sell Florida as a place to expand operations and do more business. We also want to work with new companies to provide more opportunities for workforce training and specialized apprenticeships.
Justin Trudeau has created a bailout economy, favouring businesses that take money, not make money.

Let’s unleash free enterprise so businesses can bring home production and paycheques to our people: https://conservative.ca/cpc/more-canadian-energy-not-less/…
Shoutout to the women who confidently set boundaries. To the women who refuse to accept anything that doesn’t align with their values or standards. The women who stand on, handle, and mind their business, especially the business that pays. I hope you have an amazing day.
 Ron Baron drops insights on $TSLA at the 31st Annual Baron Investment Conference: 

"Tesla is a $5 trillion company in 10 years without Optimus, just the current business plan."  

"Elon thinks Tesla could hit $30 trillion long-term."

"Elon Musk will bring the efficiency of
Stay woke stay $OBOT 
Serious business mode activated. 

Got big moves lined up for $OBOT, and we’re just getting started. 

Stay tuned, surprises coming in hot! 

 #WorkInProgress | #WeAreO | 
@oxyz
Something is fundamentally broken with the American healthcare system, perhaps a business model where sick people are the best customers isn't the way to go.
Want to improve your business?

Improve yourself.
Amanda Serrano GOT ROBBED

#PaulTyson
92 Candles  today for PETULA CLARK - who’s been in show-business for over 82yrs now.  

DOWNTOWN (1965)
If you know an Amish business on line—let us know. We’d like to support their business!  #America #USA #Amish #United
 Business REJECTS Harris-Walz sign hanging above their building.

Did you see many Harris-Walz signs?
JUST IN:  DONALD TRUMP & RIPPLE CEO MEETING CONFIRMED ON FOX BUSINESS! 

"$XRP is one of the best performance off the news that 
@bgarlinghouse
 met with President Donald Trump." 

What do you believe Ripple CEO discussed with Donald Trump during their White House meeting? 
America has the highest health expenditure, but the lowest life expectancy in the entire world.

Meanwhile, Big Pharma is a $1.5 TRILLION business.
And is booming every year.

Let that sink in.
Australia needs to leave the Paris Agreement. Net Zero is destroying us. There are politicians that have shares & business ventures in ‘renewables’, profiteering. What about the regular person? We are paying more for energy, inflating the cost of living. Are we happy for our
Learn to stop oversharing. It’s literally nobody’s business.
Whoopi Goldberg falsely accused a bakery of rejecting her order over politics without any proof. 

In truth, the bakery was dealing with a boiler issue. Her actions unfairly put the business and its owner at risk. 

Disturbing.
Tyrus brings the receipts.... hundreds of Trump employees tell him that he's paid their rent and medical bills, he gave a black man ($10K) to start his business when he couldn't get a loan 

This is the Trump you'll never hear about in the media... so you folks know what to do
You gotta just mind your own business
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. is dangerous and has no business making health decisions for anyone but himself.

If he’s confirmed as HHS secretary, it will mark a dark day for this country. These clips of 
@RobertKennedyJr
 prove it!
A wombat running on a rainy day at Cradle Mountain in Tasmania. It may have been on urgent business. 

[ kids_nature_adventures]
Empowering non-technical business teams with AI-driven development tools removes common bottlenecks and miscommunications, creating a direct link between problem identification & solution deployment. 

Thanks for chatting with us on AI use cases 
@PYMNTS
Israel dropped multiple 2000 pound bombs on an UNRWA school full of displaced children at Nasairat Refugee Camp

Dozens of children dead and hundreds more injured, every politician who backed this should be charged, every business and celebrity boycotted.
Your business is inconsistent because you are.
Yal Zoey wanted that lady out they business 
#BREAKING: Ontario signs $100M deal with Elon Musk’s Starlink to provide internet to 15K homes and businesses in northern Ontario.
Salon owner jailed for refusing to shutter her business during COVID lockdown wins seat in state legislature https://trib.al/cR9lv25
I don’t live in a city. I live on a rural island and I am in a city every 6-12 weeks. It  really helps give me a fresh perspective on the world. 

When I set foot in Winnipeg, Calgary, Toronto or Vancouver I don’t see people and businesses anymore. I see social justice flags
He is America's Yogurt King   

This guy immigrated from Turkey, came to America, became a billionaire and he doesn't even like business!  This is the crazy story of Hamdi Ulukaya from 
@Chobani
HAVE YOU EVER THOUGHT OF INVESTING IN CATTLE FARMING AS A PROFITABLE BUSINESS ?

This’s a modern dairy structure plan and designs for 300 cows and calves . (total zero grazing) #LivestockFarming
I hope the X police are keeping busy today minding their own business. 

Remember, nobody hired you.

ATTENTION.. IF IM NOT FOLLOWING YOU.. PLEASE LET ME KNOW HERE! (Sorry had to get your attention lol...I'll work on follow backs this weekend!)

Find something to smile about!
Elon Musk at MAL: “It’s not going to be business as usual. It’s going to be a revolution!! 
Michigan's jobless rate increases for seventh consecutive month
You want financial freedom?

Start a home service business.

Here’s a list of my top 10 for 2025:

1) Mobile Detailing
RFK, Jr:  When you realize that the two most profitable businesses are war and illness, its easy to understand what's going on. 
Do you agree with RFK?
Business is booming
I started a cleaning business with $2,000.

Now it makes $40,000 per month.

It only took me 9 months.

If you want the guide I built showing EXACTLY how I did this...

- Like this post
- Comment "Clean"

And I'll DM you the link.

(Must follow, 24 hours only)
1/2 Hurricane Helene Victims in Western North Carolina are receiving automated calls from the US Small Business Administration telling them their disaster loans are delayed "due to a lapse in Congressional funds."
The automated voice says "we understand how frustrating this is."
Biden administration signs off on $6.6 billion in CHIPS Act funds for TSMC's Phoenix site
Fauci really thought he could lock down the entire country, force babies to wear masks, institute paranoia-based medical segregation, close 70% of small businesses, and censor all opposition without any push-back. 

Let RFK Jr.’s appointment to HHS Secretary be a lesson to him -
This symbol is in a book of black magic  
The McDonald's logo is sigil magic
Walk in the Spirit
"McDonald's Logo is from the book of Black Magic. The McDonald's Founder Raymond Albert Kroc was a 33° Freemason. It's how he really got the money to start his business.
Kroc would
I just went down to the Senate Floor to try and pass a bipartisan bill to reauthorize disaster assistance for small businesses.
 
I’m deeply disappointed my colleagues blocked it, but I’m absolutely not stopping my fight for communities that were seriously hurt by Helene.
Wake up. Smoke weed. Drink water. Mind your fucking business
Loblaw’s profits INCREASED A HUNDRED AND FIFTY MILLION. But, high prices are, ‘Trudeau’s fault.’
An Argentine judge orders the arrest of 61 people sought by Brazil for alleged involvement in the ransacking of its capital last year, just as the presidents of both countries head for a potentially awkward encounter at the G-20
 Introducing the $HOMO
 that’ll drive you to the moon! ” $HOMO! 

Are you tired of rug pulling devs or greedy PROJECTS leaders. LETS JOIN 
@HOMO_SOL_1111
 transparent approach.

Support a large family with a small business

$HOMO IS GOING TO MOON     
You re a founder of a church in Lagos, Abuja, Porthacourt, USA, Canada, UK and more 

Not even a founder of company or factory where your member will get Jobs. 

Most Nigeria Pastors are just doing business they don’t care if Nigeria is sinking
Business is business

He is a smart man, taking advantage of the behavior of Indonesian society, finding loopholes and making the best use of them.
JUST ANNOUNCED: Judge Merchan delays ruling on President Trump's business records case. This judge’s career is over. FAKE cases need to be thrown out NOW!

No one can stop We The People to Take Back Our Country and Make America Great Again! Nothing can stop what's coming!
Shout out to our FBA sista Janet Jackson for not being used as a Democrat puppet and  standing on business
Elon Musk at Mar-a-Lago: 

“It’s not going to be business as usual. It’s going to be a revolution!” 

Who’s ready for the next phase of this crazy journey???

https://rumble.com/v5pgjuk-elon-musk-its-not-going-to-be-business-as-usual.-its-going-to-be-a-revoluti.html…
Elon Musk: “It’s not going to be business as usual. It’s going to be a revolution.”
Larry Kudlow to remain at helm of FOX Business show amid Trump admin reports
DISGUSTING

Minister Boissonnault's company FRAUDULENTLY claimed to be Indigenous-owned to STEAL federal contracts from Indigenous businesses.

He should be immediately FIRED from Cabinet. 

Instead, PMJT's Libs GASLIGHT.

The ABSOLUTE ROT of this Govt on full display 
If you don’t want to support Businesses that are backing the Republicans start with 
1. Walmart
2.Sams
3. Chick-fil-A 
4.Moes
5.Bass Pro Shops
6.Publix
7. Krispy Kreme
8. BJ’s
9. McDonald’s 
10. Starbucks
11.Penske Trucks
12.Enterprise Rent a car
13. Delta Airlines 
More to come
Men are happiest when they are:

- Building businesses
- Buying massive land
- Having a home gym
- Building a family
All Business
Rachel Reeves to Tesco and Wetherspoons who have confirmed that they will increase their prices due to tax hikes: 

"They could absorb the extra business costs by becoming more efficient". 

If it's so easy, why doesn't she make the NHS & civil service more efficient?! 
$TSLA
Ron baron noted Tesla could reach up to $5 trillion in a decade without an Optimus business. 
#BREAKING: Anthony Blinken states, "Every dollar we have at our disposal will be pushed out the door (to Ukraine) between now and January 20th.

You wanna know why #WNC is angry? This is why. 

Our roads are destroyed. 
No clean water. 
Business are closing.

WE need the help!
The Tesla Model X’s automatic doors are very underrated. 

They’re still the best in business after nearly 10 years.
When you have best in the business to guide you in your journey. 
@Jaspritbumrah93
 @tyagiktk
 
#TeamIndia
BREAKING: President-elect Trump proposes eliminating capital gains taxes on crypto, a move aimed at incentivizing crypto businesses to remain in the U.S. This plan could make the U.S. a more attractive hub for crypto innovation and growth.
Once AGAIN, Texas jobs grew at a faster annual rate than the rest of the U.S.

AND we set new record highs for the number of Texans working and for the size of our labor force.

Texas moves at the speed of business to ensure ongoing job growth across industries.
I don't understand why people don't just lock in on Faceless YouTube

You can make $20,000/m with no effort- AI will do everything.

I Compiled a Guide showing you all the steps from Scratch.

I would usually charge $99, but FREE for 24 hrs

Like and Repost + Reply "Faceless", I
According to trash Murdoch shit rag the Herald Sun, Bec Judd is a “crime fighting business woman”. 
She got her name by marrying an AFL player, & posts pictures on Instagram of her privileged hard done by life in Brighton. Whilst making up stuff that’s not based on police data.
You are just one illegal business away from generational wealth.
Deport all illegals.  They no business here. If they want citizenship, apply the legal way.
Trump's new Border Czar, Tom Homan, means business. He's ready to take the handcuffs off ICE and take sanctuary cities to task. WATCH



http://bit.ly/3QHIUrC
Andy Beshear says Dems can win by focusing on ‘core issues’ like jobs, housing, health care https://trib.al/CIbqHDk
Trump seems to be hitting on all his staff appointments.

There seems to be a real sense of urgency. Trump means business this time around. He wants to hit the ground running.

A clear message is being sent to the entrenched bureaucracy.

Trump is in attack mode now.
Gazprom cut off gas supply to Austria’s biggest energy distributor over an arbitration award https://reut.rs/3ANck27
This is one of the best business ideas! 
Whoopi Goldberg lied and claimed a bakery refused her order because of her political views with zero evidence. In reality, the bakery actually had an issue with their boiler.

Whoopi tried to destroy this woman’s life  and her business.

Evil.
If there was ever a time for the Government to take action, it's now. Canada Post going on strike 2 weeks before Black Friday devastates small businesses. As the leading Canadian carrier this has massive consequences—small businesses will unfairly bear the brunt. If small
Did we miss any Thai celeb brands or business? 
.
.
.
#FreenSarocha #BeckyAmstrong  #Beckysangels #girlfreen #WinMetawin️ #วินตู #BrightVachirawit #สโรชา จันทร์กิมฮะ #bbrightvc
BREAKING: The Israeli Air Force has carried out dozens of airstrikes on Hezbollah targets in southern Lebanon in just the last 60 minutes.

Israel means business tonight. Wow.
Ron Baron: “I think 
@Tesla
 is going to be worth $3 or $4 trillion, $5 trillion in 10 years based upon the business plan that I am aware of — Elon believes that it's going to be worth $30 trillion. He thinks Optimus is going to be his biggest business ever.”
Ron Baron on $TSLA: "The stock price is the same as it was 3 years ago. Tesla I think is going to be worth $5 trillion in 10 years; Elon believes more longer term $30 trillion. He think this Optimus robot is going to be his biggest business ever; No way I'm selling (Tesla)."
Always trust your team's decisions.

What idea changed how you view business?

Here's mine: company culture.

This is how you can build a great company culture in 2024:
BREAKING:  18 U.S. states are suing the SEC
for "unconstitutional overreach and unfair persecution" of the #crypto industry under  Gary Gensler - Fox Business 
@EleanorTerrett
Mexican Owned small business restaurant in Wheaton, Illinois put up banners after the election that said “Trump is my President”, “Make America Healthy Again’ and “Jesus is my Savior”

Business is up 50% but he’s already received over 500 text messages that include death threats
VP Kamala Harris ran on $25,000 for new homeowners, 3 million new homes, $6,000 newborn tax credits, childcare costs at 7% of income, $50,000 new business credits, $35 insulin, $2,000 out of pocket cap for seniors prescriptions, home health care costs covered by Medicare & jobs.
"I was just in line at the gas station to get some gas minding my own business.. It was this young lady in front of me taking forever.. I overheard the cashier tell her that both of the cards were declined  she said, 'Is something wrong with your machine?' She turned around to
This young sister (only 22yrs old) is about business! She’s spearheading #BlackProject2025. It will be our own platform for socializing, supporting Black businesses and more! People are signing up quickly! Learn more at this link. 
https://linktr.ee/mediabuyingbestie…
#BlackTwitter 
#BP2025
This watch costs as much as a home
[BUSINESS BROTHER INSIDE - Ép. 1]

J'ai l'honneur de vous présenter le premier épisode de Business Brothers Inside.

Nous, de l'intérieur.

Concours :
Like, RT et ABONNE TOI À MA CHAINE YOUTUBE ! Sélection dans 24 h.

Lien en dessous.
JUST IN: $XRP Donald Trump & Ripple CEO 
@BGarlinghouse
 Meeting Confirmed on Fox Business!

#Ripple #Trump #FoxBusiness
As a lifelong Republican, 
@ananavarro
 is doing everything she can to stop Trump. A convicted felon like him has no business in the White House.

You don’t have to agree with Kamala Harris on every issue, but it’s clear that she’s the smartest, strongest candidate in this race.
Boris Johnson is a polarising politician, but he has been consistently right about Ukraine
CHINA SUPPLIES WEAPONS TO RUSSIA IN A FIRST

For the first time, China has sent weapons to Russia for its war in Ukraine, according to EU intelligence shared by Josep Borrell.

The EU is preparing sanctions, including business bans and asset freezes for Chinese firms.
